---
description: Dependency Scanning analyzer that uses the GitLab Advisory Database
---

# Gemnasium

**AppSec Portal Importer Name**: GitLab Gemnasium

[GitLab Gemnasium](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/security-products/analyzers/gemnasium) is a tool for automatically detecting vulnerabilities in project dependencies. It scans the used **libraries** and **components** to identify known vulnerabilities, providing developers with information about the need to update or replace dependencies to mitigate security risks.

**Curl example**

{% code overflow="wrap" %}
```
curl -X POST localhost/api/v1/scan/import/ -H "Authorization: Token a75bb26171cf391671e67b128bfc8ae1c779ff7b" -H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data" -F "file=@./" -F "product_name=Product1" -F "product_type=Application" -F "scanner_name=GitLab Gemnasium" -F "branch=dev" 
```
{% endcode %}

In this command, the following parameters are used:

1. `-X POST`: specifies the HTTP method to be used (in this case, POST)
2. `-H "Authorization: Token <authorization_token>"`: specifies the [**authorization token**](https://docs.whitespots.io/appsec-portal/scanners/importing-reports-from-scanners-to-appsec-portal#authorization-token) obtained from AppSec Portal.
3. `-H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data"`: specifies the content type of the request.
4. `-F "file=@<report_file_path>"`: specifies the **path to the report file** generated by the scanner.
5. `-F "product_name=<product_name>"`: specifies the **name of the product** being scanned.
6. `-F "product_type=<product_type>"`: specifies the **type of the product** being scanned.
7. `-F "scanner_name=<scanner_name>"`: specifies the **name of the scanner** used to generate the report (GitLab Gemnasium)
8. `-F "branch=<branch_name>"`: (_optional_) specifies the name of the branch in the source code repository (if applicable) This parameter is particularly useful when you want to associate the scan results with a specific branch in your repository. If not provided, the scan will be associated with the default branch
