# Snyk

**Auditor Job Name**: Snyk Python, Snyk Nodejs, Snyk Iac, Snyk Go\
**Auditor image:** \
registry.gitlab.com/whitespots-public/security-images/snyk-python:1.1233.0\
registry.gitlab.com/whitespots-public/security-images/snyk-node:1.1233.0\
registry.gitlab.com/whitespots-public/security-images/snyk-node:1.1233.0\
registry.gitlab.com/whitespots-public/security-images/snyk-go:1.1233.0\
**AppSec Portal Importer Name**: Snyk

[**Snyk**](https://snyk.io/) is a multifunctional security tool designed to ensure the protection of your code from potential vulnerabilities. Here are the key features and functions:

1. **Code Scanning**: Snyk can analyze your source code, identify potential vulnerabilities, and provide detailed information about the issues found.
2. **Dependency Analysis**: The platform checks your project's dependencies, including open-source code, libraries, and frameworks, for known vulnerabilities.
3. **Vulnerability Prioritization**: Snyk assesses the severity of detected issues and provides recommendations on prioritizing their resolution.
4. **Support for Various Programming Languages**: The tool is compatible with various languages, enabling security in diverse projects.
5. **Integration into CI/CD Pipelines**: Snyk can easily integrate into your CI/CD processes, warning about issues at the early stages of development.
6. **Container and IaC Support**: Besides code and dependencies, Snyk analyzes vulnerabilities in containers and infrastructure as code configurations.
7. **Integration with Various Development Tools**: Snyk supports integration with popular development tools, facilitating seamless incorporation into your workflow.

This tool helps developers and security teams effectively manage and ensure security in various aspects of the development process.

#### Curl example

{% code overflow="wrap" %}
```
curl -X POST localhost/api/v1/scan/import/ -H "Authorization: Token a75bb26171cf391671e67b128bfc8ae1c779ff7b" -H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data" -F "file=@./snyk-go.json" -F "product_name=Product1" -F "product_type=Application" -F "scanner_name=Snyk" -F "branch=dev" -F "repository=git@gitlab.com:whitespots-public/appsec-portal.git"
```
{% endcode %}

In this command, the following parameters are used:

1. `-X POST`: specifies the HTTP method to be used (in this case, POST)
2. `-H "Authorization: Token <authorization_token>"`: specifies the [**authorization token**](../../importing-reports-from-scanners-to-appsec-portal/#authorization-token) obtained from AppSec Portal.
3. `-H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data"`: specifies the content type of the request.
4. `-F "file=@<report_file_path>"`: specifies the **path to the report file** generated by the scanner.
5. `-F "product_name=<product_name>"`: specifies the **name of the product** being scanned.
6. `-F "product_type=<product_type>"`: specifies the **type of the product** being scanned.
7. `-F "scanner_name=<scanner_name>"`: specifies the **name of the scanner** used to generate the report (Snyk)
8. `-F "branch=<branch_name>"`: (_optional_) specifies the name of the branch in the source code repository (if applicable) This parameter is particularly useful when you want to associate the scan results with a specific branch in your repository. If not provided, the scan will be associated with the default branch

Asset information, if an [auditor ](broken-reference)is used

9. `-F "repository=<repository SSH URL>"`: If your product is **code** in a repository enter the address of your **repository** in a specific format, for example: git@gitlab.com:whitespots-public/appsec-portal.git
10. &#x20;`-F "docker_image=<registry address>"`: If your product is **image** enter the address of the **registry** where your product is located, for example: registry.gitlab.com/whitespots-public/appsec-portal/back/auto\_validator:latest
11. `-F "domain=<domain>"`: If your product is **web** enter the **domain name** of your product, for example: whitespots.io
12. `-F "host=<host>"`: If your product is **web** enter the **IP address** of your product, for example: 0.0.0.0
13. `-F "cloud_account=<Cloud Account Name>"`: if your product is a **cloud account** enter the cloud account name, for example: autotest-cloud\_account
