---
icon: webhook
---

# Importing reports via Terminal using a Report File

You can import reports to AppSec Portal using the following `curl` command in your terminal:

{% code overflow="wrap" %}
```bash
curl -X POST localhost/api/v1/scan/import/ -H "Authorization: Token <authorization_token>" -H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data" -F "file=@<report_file_path>" -F "product_name=<product_name>" -F "product_type=<product_type>" -F "scanner_name=<scanner_name>" -F "branch=<branch_name>" -F "repository=<repository SSH URL>" -F "docker_image=<registry address>" -F "domain=<domain>" -F "host=<host>"
```
{% endcode %}

In this command, the following parameters are used:

1. `-X POST`: specifies the HTTP method to be used (in this case, POST)
2. `-H "Authorization: Token <authorization_token>"`: specifies the [**authorization token**](./#authorization-token) obtained from AppSec Portal.
3. `-H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data"`: specifies the content type of the request.
4. `-F "file=@<report_file_path>"`: specifies the **path to the report file** generated by the scanner.
5. `-F "product_name=<product_name>"`: specifies the **name of the product** being scanned.
6. `-F "product_type=<product_type>"`: specifies the **type of the product** being scanned.
7. `-F "scanner_name=<scanner_name>"`: specifies the **name of the scanner** used to generate the report (see the[ **scanner description**](../scanner-description/) section for the correct name).
8. `-F "branch=<branch_name>"`: (_optional_) specifies the name of the branch in the source code repository (if applicable) This parameter is particularly useful when you want to associate the scan results with a specific branch in your repository. If not provided, the scan will be associated with the default branch

Asset information, if an [auditor ](broken-reference)is used

9. `-F "repository=<repository SSH URL>"`: If your product is **code** in a repository enter the address of your **repository** in a specific format, for example: git@gitlab.com:whitespots-public/appsec-portal.git
10. &#x20;-F "docker\_image=\<registry address>": If your product is **image** enter the address of the **registry** where your product is located, for example: registry.gitlab.com/whitespots-public/appsec-portal/back/auto\_validator:latest
11. -F "domain=\<domain>": If your product is **web** enter the **domain name** of your product, for example: whitespots.io
12. -F "host=\<host>": If your product is **web** enter the **IP address** of your product, for example: 0.0.0.0

{% hint style="warning" %}
If you generate a `curl` command for an unsupported scanner, the **import will not be executed**.
{% endhint %}

You need to modify the `curl` command based on the scanner used to generate the report.

{% hint style="info" %}
Note that if the specified _product type_ or _product name_ does not exist in the AppSec Portal, they will be created **automatically**. However, within the same product type, **there cannot be two products with the same name.**
{% endhint %}

#### Curl example

Here is an example of a command to import a report generated by **Trivy** scanner:

{% code overflow="wrap" %}
```bash
curl -X POST localhost/api/v1/scan/import/ -H "Authorization: Token a75bb26171cf391671e67b128bfc8ae1c779ff7b" -H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data" -F "file=@./trivy-code.json" -F "product_name=Product1" -F "product_type=Application" -F "scanner_name=Trivy Scan" -F "branch=dev" -F "repository=git@gitlab.com:whitespots-public/appsec-portal.git"
```
{% endcode %}

Once the import is completed, you can view and analyze the imported reports in the AppSec Portal.
